if you take the taxi of forces you can make a doll
talk
but the fact is that these tests of transforming force
is a tribute to 70 years of the day
even the Santos shirt
the woman if she behaves of that person
who can also sa paulo
detail there is a very long and very bureaucratic delay we never ministered
artistic
but it was quiet
in the united states o apoel
this afternoon the athletes
need no miracle circuit
since returning a year after defeat
imagine a woman who left with excited
thirsty in lady's grace to be good
be the heart
the simple forgiving
the soloist hand scattering measures
other lives
withdrawal to the mother and I'm outraged
woman who claimed to be intended
Staff got dawn
this work that was done
all with a match of iron
when the person has his own light
she makes the earth shine
the killer
the ancient sensual climate
but she said the police did not reveal that she did not know that billions
of families
but the coach
if we look at the families present were doing
with the money we're going to use to build minipresidios
the agency
schools
I venture to say
health ministers
all